.\" Man page for trustedge
.TH TRUSTEDGE 1 "February 2025" "TrustEdge Manual"
.SH NAME
trustedge \- IoT device management and security command-line tool

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B trustedge
.I [ options ]

.B trustedge
.RI " <subcommand> " "[ options ]"

.PP
TrustEdge is built on DigiCert\(rg TrustCore SDK and provides device management and security operations. It can also interact with a device's secure hardware elements (TPM or TEE). 
For complete and latest documentation, visit:  
.IP
\fIhttps://dev.digicert.com/en/trustedge.html\fR

.SH COMMANDS
Below are common subcommands. Run \fBtrustedge <subcommand> --help\fR for more details:
.TP
\fBagent\fR
Manages interaction with DigiCert\(rg Device Trust Manager (bootstrap, configuration, device updates, etc.).
.TP
\fBcertificate\fR
Generates and manages keys, creates CSRs, and supports x.509 certificate generation and renewal.
.TP
\fBmqtt\fR
Publishes and subscribes to MQTT topics using x.509 authentication.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--help, -h\fR
Displays help information for the main command or subcommands.
.TP
\fB--version\fR
Displays the current version of TrustEdge.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Display general help and usage:
.RS
trustedge --help
.RE
.TP
Show help for the \fBagent\fR subcommand:
.RS
trustedge agent --help
.RE

.SH LICENSE
TrustEdge is free to download and use for non-commercial purposes. Use of TrustEdge for production or commercial environments requires a valid license. For complete license information, visit: 

.IP
\fIhttps://github.com/digicert/trustedge/blob/master/LICENSE.md\fR

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2025 DigiCert.
.br